doc: recommend script_flags instead of deployments.taproot (#35183)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-26201.md

RPC
---

- 'taproot' has been removed from 'getdeploymentinfo' because its historical
  activation height is no longer used anywhere in the codebase.
  Applications that rely on `deployments.taproot` to detect Taproot support

>   should instead check for `TAPROOT` in the `script_flags` array returned by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should either assume Taproot to be always active (since Bitcoin Core v24.0), or check for `TAPROOT` in the `script_flags` array returned by
```

Author: Took this suggestion.

RPC
---

- 'taproot' has been removed from 'getdeploymentinfo' because its historical
  activation height is no longer used anywhere in the codebase.
  Applications that rely on `deployments.taproot` to detect Taproot support
  should either assume Taproot to be always active (since Bitcoin Core v24.0),
  or check for `TAPROOT` in the `script_flags` array returned by

>   `getdeploymentinfo`. This is available since Bitcoin Core v31. (#26201)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `getdeploymentinfo` (since Bitcoin Core v31.0). (#26201)
```

nit: Either replace `This` with `The array`, or inline the condition right after?

Author: Thanks, that's indeed more clear now that there's two suggestions.
